we're going to cover the most commonly
There's going to be a lot of sections you may never use.
So what we're going to do is take a few minutes
That way when you're on your own after this course
if you encounter and Edge case
you know how to find the information you need.
So on the OpenAPI Initiative's GetHub page
you're going to find a repository,
the OpenAPI specification repository that holds the spec.
that we can take a look at to learn
how to build API definitions.
We'll take a look at version 3.0.
as you scroll down the specification
that we can then further define
by specifying their nested fields.
So here we see the seven or so sections
and let's just navigate into the paths object
the spec an we're looking at a paths object.
is going to be the same every time.
So for example, we see several examples
And this is a path item object and that can change
depending up the API, so it's not static.
Something like get property
because we're always going to use
So if we drill down into the path item object,
can be nested within that object.
And you'll notice here we see those operations
So there's the get, the put, the post, delete.
All the different operations
that pretty much correspond with http methods
that can be used to invoke the different
endpoints or operations on our API.
Let's drill down into the get operation
and here we see the various fields
that can be nested within that object.
So we can see that we can provide a parameters field.
We can provide a request body.
We can also provide responses,
in fact the responses are the only
required object within this object.
So let's drill down into the responses object
and you'll notice that it has a patterned field.
That is the http status code.
So this is going to correspond
with the various status codes
provided by the http specification.
So things like 200's for successes.
You know 404's for resources that can't be found.
Those sorts of things make it a patterned field
because it will never really be fixed.
And then if we navigate into that response object,
you can see the fields available here and probably
the most important one is this content field.
It's a fixed field that is the media type of the objects.
So this is going to be something like application json,
application xml, normally it's json.
Once again, you can see examples within
the specification itself if you ever need help.
So let's drill down one more level
and talk about the schema object.
The schema object is extremely important,
we'll use it quite a bit
because it's used to define the inputs and outputs
and describe the data associated with them.
So it's really defining what data
an API consumer must provide to an API operation.
Or what data a consumer can expect
to receive from an API operation.
You can kind of get the pattern of reading the spec.
You keep drilling down into these nested fields
within these objects in order to learn
how to craft your API definition.
As we work throughout the course,
we're going to leverage a large portion
of the specification.
But if you do run into an edge case,
now you know how to read the spec.